Jiang Lu, you are determined to oppose me
So what if I was?
I don't want to be with people like you
Go away, don't let me see you sick again
Haohaojiang Road
I will definitely make you responsible for today's behavior
pay the price
Let's go
I 1 million
Ouch, now it makes me want to join the inspector team
Waiting to get paid
Why are you going to the inspection team when your family is so rich?
Why not find an artistic path?
Going to study abroad?
I can't go.
My dad has a criminal record
Yes, SM Park is also called Women's Prison
All the girls here are criminals
Stowaways and descendants of black households
Not Jiang Road
What are you doing here?
Shen Qingyan, can't I come?
I'm a little suspicious of your identity now
You actually asked Qile
Why not go somewhere else?
Isn't it because you can't work elsewhere?
Is that why you came here?
Otherwise, who would come to this dump?
Of course I am.
It's just that I think the Qi Le family is so rich
Why don't you buy a way out?
no play
Everyone in this park
A generation that has been left behind
Receiving a salary of tens of dollars every month
No one cares if we live or die
You two
A super invincible optimist
An invincible and strong female man
You are the woman
She's just a little girl
Who likes to carry a baseball bat every day?
In fact, people only like pink Barbie dolls.
Sissy you you rough man
Sissy boring
Alright Shen Qingan
I want to cooperate with you.
Deal with Song Qiuci together